README.md, before:

# Bugedex

![Animal Crossing Title image](src/assets/images/bugReadmeimage.jpg)

## About

Once you start up the application you will find yourself at http://localhost:4200/bugs.

There will be a list of bugs from Animal Crossing, so cute. However my bugEdex is a little broken, so it only shows bugs that are around All Day.

When you select a bug, you will be redirected to http://localhost:4200/bug?name={{selected bug name}} and the information for that bug will be presented.

Back on the main bugs page, you can also click a checkmark to indicate if you have caught the bug or not. When checking out the details of any of the bugs, your caught status will also appear with a checkbox.

## API

Example of the response object from the API

```json
 {
        "name": "Common Butterfly",
        "location": "Flying",
        "time": "4 AM - 7 PM",
        "price": 160,
        "month": {
            "north": [
                1,
                2,
                3,
                4,
                5,
                6,
                9,
                10,
                11,
                12
            ],
            "south": [
                3,
                4,
                5,
                6,
                7,
                8,
                9,
                10,
                11,
                12
            ]
        }
    }
```


### Future potential Addtions

- images for the bug details page - pexels
- formgroups for the details page
- GitHub Readme decoration
- Make a MaterialCommonModule
- Conditional or ? for Bug Details
- Implement a timeout in bug data service



## Project Information

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.1.2.


``` powershell

     _                      _                 ____ _     ___
    / \   _ __   __ _ _   _| | __ _ _ __     / ___| |   |_ _|
   / △ \ | '_ \ / _` | | | | |/ _` | '__|   | |   | |    | |
  / ___ \| | | | (_| | |_| | | (_| | |      | |___| |___ | |
 /_/   \_\_| |_|\__, |\__,_|_|\__,_|_|       \____|_____|___|
                |___/
    

Angular CLI: 13.1.2
Node: 16.13.1
Package Manager: npm 8.3.0
OS: win32 x64

Angular: 13.1.1
... animations, cdk, common, compiler, compiler-cli, core, forms
... material, platform-browser, platform-browser-dynamic, router

Package                         Version
---------------------------------------------------------
@angular-devkit/architect       0.1301.2
@angular-devkit/build-angular   13.1.2
@angular-devkit/core            13.1.2
@angular-devkit/schematics      13.1.2
@angular/cli                    13.1.2
@schematics/angular             13.2.0
rxjs                            7.4.0
typescript                      4.5.4

```

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

Commit message:

Moving methods to service. Using DTO and mapping

README.md, after:

# Bugedex

![Animal Crossing Title image](src/assets/images/bugReadmeimage.jpg)

## About

Once you start up the application you will find yourself at http://localhost:4200/bugs.

There will be a list of bugs from Animal Crossing, so cute. However my bugEdex is a little broken, so it only shows bugs that are around All Day.

When you select a bug, you will be redirected to http://localhost:4200/bug?name={{selected bug name}} and the information for that bug will be presented.

Back on the main bugs page, you can also click a checkmark to indicate if you have caught the bug or not. When checking out the details of any of the bugs, your caught status will also appear with a checkbox.

## API

Example of the response object from the API

```json
 {
        "name": "Common Butterfly",
        "location": "Flying",
        "time": "4 AM - 7 PM",
        "price": 160,
        "month": {
            "north": [
                1,
                2,
                3,
                4,
                5,
                6,
                9,
                10,
                11,
                12
            ],
            "south": [
                3,
                4,
                5,
                6,
                7,
                8,
                9,
                10,
                11,
                12
            ]
        }
    }
```


### Future potential Addtions

- images for the bug details page - pexels
- formgroups for the details page
- GitHub Readme decoration
- Make a MaterialCommonModule
- Conditional or ? for Bug Details
- Implement a timeout in bug data service



## Project Information

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.1.2.


``` powershell

     _                      _                 ____ _     ___
    / \   _ __   __ _ _   _| | __ _ _ __     / ___| |   |_ _|
   / △ \ | '_ \ / _` | | | | |/ _` | '__|   | |   | |    | |
  / ___ \| | | | (_| | |_| | | (_| | |      | |___| |___ | |
 /_/   \_\_| |_|\__, |\__,_|_|\__,_|_|       \____|_____|___|
                |___/
    

Angular CLI: 13.1.2
Node: 16.13.1
Package Manager: npm 8.3.0
OS: win32 x64

Angular: 13.1.1
... animations, cdk, common, compiler, compiler-cli, core, forms
... material, platform-browser, platform-browser-dynamic, router

Package                         Version
---------------------------------------------------------
@angular-devkit/architect       0.1301.2
@angular-devkit/build-angular   13.1.2
@angular-devkit/core            13.1.2
@angular-devkit/schematics      13.1.2
@angular/cli                    13.1.2
@schematics/angular             13.2.0
rxjs                            7.4.0
typescript                      4.5.4

```

Requested Work:
- Add DTO model
- Bug Service - Needs to be handling the filtering
- Create methods in service so state isn't exposed directly to the component
- check if filter in Bug service does what i think it does
- 

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).
